Adding Scenario Documentation Policy and RACI Chart, additional documenation cleanup (#6)
CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs: docs/Policy/Documentation/Step_Registry_Documentation_Policy.md

    - [Process](#process)
    - [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Automatically Generated Documentation](#automatically-generated-documentation)

## Introduction

> Documenting new steps in the step registry is important because it can help use work more efficiently as well as helping users avoid duplicating work in the Step Registry. Duplicated work and lack of documentation, at the time of writing this document, seems to be an issue in the Step Registry and we would like to start solving that issue. When adding a new workflow, ref, chain, _etc._ to the Step Registry, please follow the documentation guide below to write helpful documentation for the new step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documenting new steps in the step registry is important because it can help us work more efficiently as well as helping users avoid duplicating work in the Step Registry. Duplicated work and lack of documentation, at the time of writing this document, seems to be an issue in the Step Registry and we would like to start solving that issue. When adding a new workflow, ref, chain, _etc._ to the Step Registry, please follow the documentation guide below to write helpful documentation for the new step.
```

> OpenShift CI has implemented a great way to autogenerate documentation for a step, but it does not give as a good way to be as specific as we'd like to be in our documentation. The documentation can be found at the following link: https://steps.ci.openshift.org/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift CI has implemented a great way to autogenerate documentation for a step, but its not as specific as we'd like to be in our documentation. The documentation can be found at the following link: https://steps.ci.openshift.org/
```

> This autogenerated documentation is build using the `description` items in step configuration files. While helpful, it is hard to be verbose in how you document your step. Simpler steps may be able to be documented in this way, but we find the `README.md` documents to be much more helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This autogenerated documentation is built using the `description` items in step configuration files. While helpful, it is hard to be verbose in how you document your step. Simpler steps may be able to be documented in this way, but we find the `README.md` documents to be much more helpful.
```
